*INTRODUCTION:*

Machine learning develops algorithms and builds models from data, and uses them to predict new data. The main difference with the traditional algorithm is that a model is built from inputs data rather than just executing a series of instructions. Supervised learning uses data with result labeled, while unsupervised learning using unlabeled data. There are a few common machine learning algorithms, such as regression, classification, neural network, and deep learning. Reinforcement learning and representation learning are heavily used for deep learning. How to use machine learning algorithms to predict house prices?  It is a challenge to get as close as possible results based on the model built. For specific house prices, it is determined by location, size, house type, city, country, tax rules, economic cycle, population movement, interest rate, and many other factors that could affect demand and supply. During demonetization, the enforcement of the Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Act (RERA), and the lack of trust in property developers in the city, housing units sold across India in 2017 dropped by 7 percent. In fact, the property prices in Bengaluru fell by almost 5 percent in the second half of 2017, said a study published by property consultancy Knight Frank. Buying a home, especially in a city like Bengaluru, is a tricky choice. While the major factors are usually the same for all metros, there are others to be considered for the Silicon Valley of India. With its helpful millennial crowd, vibrant culture, great climate, and a slew of job opportunities, it is difficult to ascertain the price of a house in Bengaluru.

*DESCRIPTION:*

This project is focused on solving the problem of predicting house prices for house buyers and house sellers.
A house value is simply more than location and square footage. Like the features that make up a person, an educated party would want to know all aspects that give a house its value.
We are going to take advantage of all of the feature variables available to use and use it to analyze and predict house prices.
We are using Linear Regression multiple variables algorithm to predict the future price of a house based on some useful features.
